protocol out (#8)
SRv6-Operations/IETF119-SRv6-Operations-Bof: SRv6OPS-Charter.md

* Provide advice on standardizing operational tools and mechanisms for SRv6 networks.

## Scope:
The SRv6OPS WG focuses on best practices, deployment guidance, operational issues, new requirements, and potential operational experiments.

> Development of new protocols and protocol extensions are not within the scope of the WG. The scope of the SRv6OPS WG includes:

Author: ```suggestion
The development of solutions and protocol extensions is not within the scope of the SRv6OPS WG. Furthermore, the SRv6OPS WG won't consider adopting documents that discuss operational considerations and guidance for SRv6-related technologies that are still under development in other WGs (SPRING, 6MAN, for example). However, the SRv6OPS WG will welcome presentations to increase awareness to potential operational issues and seek for feedback from the operators community.

The scope of the SRv6OPS WG includes:
```
